[Music]
nine products that look extremely
different in other countries large
companies often change the names of the
same goods from country to country
[Music]
find yourself looking for a product in a
foreign store for hours with no luck
don't worry it might be distributed
under another name in this country check
out which world famous brands changed
their names and why as for me
tweaks is the biggest surprise on the
list 9 Burger King
the first Burger King appeared in the
USA in 1954 and since then the brand has
started to open new restaurants under
this name all over the world however
before entering the Australian market
the company's executives found out that
there already exists a brand with the
same name therefore Burger King invented
a new name for Australia Hungry Jack's
8ax
the Unilever company founded acts in
France in 1983 but in some countries the
name had been already occupied by other
brands also in english-speaking
countries it's hard to associate the
direct meaning of the word acts with
perfumery the company took the name
links to distribute their products in
the UK Ireland Australia New Zealand and
China 7 Danone then was founded by
Spanish pharmacist Isaac Caruso he named
the brand after his son Daniel Dan 1 is
his family nickname when entering the US
market company executives decided to
make the brand name more American Dannan
the former name was wrongly pronounced
by Americans who divided it into two
words Dan and one so don't be surprised
at the unusual name of a familiar
product it's not a mistake six Rexona as
well as acts links Rexona is a brand of
the Unilever company in the United
Kingdom it's known as sure
in the u.s. a degree in Japan Ruksana
and in South Africa shield five mr.
clean the record holder for the number
of renames is the brand mr. clean
in almost every large company this
cleaning agent has its own name here are
just a few mr. clean USA in Canada
Meister proper Germany loans your prope
France
maestro limpio Mexico and Latin America
natural window Italy UK and Ireland
simply called it flash for crest Procter
& Gamble has been manufacturing Crest
toothpaste since 1955 in Germany Poland
Bulgaria Ukraine Russia and some other
countries it has another name
glenda med so if you ask someone in
these countries where to buy crest
they might look confused three dove
you can buy dub chocolate in most
countries all over the world get the
same product in the UK Egypt and India
is called galaxy
don't be amused the chocolate tastes the
same to Flay's walkers was founded in
the UK in 1948 in 1989 PepsiCo the
producer of Lay's chips purchased
walkers after that the British chips
change design but kept the same name
walkers one Twix
this chocolate bar was originally called
Raider
and was first produced in the UK in 1967
in 1979 the product was imported to the
USA under the name Twix in many European
countries it's still sold under the
brand name Raider
so how world's famous brands are named
in your country let's know in the
comments below don't forget to give this
video a thumbs up and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life